Add API capabilities to docs (#101)
TwinProduction/gatus: README.md

- **Metrics**
- **Low resource consumption**: As with most Go applications, the resource footprint that this application requires is negligibly small.
- **GitHub uptime badges**: ![Uptime 1h](https://status.twinnation.org/api/v1/badges/uptime/1h/core_twinnation-external.svg) ![Uptime 24h](https://status.twinnation.org/api/v1/badges/uptime/24h/core_twinnation-external.svg) ![Uptime 7d](https://status.twinnation.org/api/v1/badges/uptime/7d/core_twinnation-external.svg)

> - **API**: Service health can be pulled into any custom application by leveraging the built in JSON API.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
While the API is a nice feature, I don't think it's attractive enough to be explicitly specified in this section, which is mostly there to convince people to use Gatus.
This is because this

```

If you'd like to see a visual example of each badges available, you can simply navigate to the service's detail page.

### API
Gatus provides a simple read-only API which can be queried in order to programmatically determine service status and history.

> All services are available via a GET request to the following endpoint.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All services are available via a GET request to the following endpoint:
```

```
/api/v1/statuses
````

> Example: <https://status.twinnation.org/api/v1/statuses>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Example: https://status.twinnation.org/api/v1/statuses
```

> Specific services can be queried via a key. This key is a combination of the service group and service name. 
> If no group is defined for a service, then it's simply the service name.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Specific services can also be queried by using the following pattern:
```

```

> /api/v1/statuses/{key}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
/api/v1/statuses/{group}_{service}
```

> Specific services can be queried via a key. This key is a combination of the service group and service name. 
> If no group is defined for a service, then it's simply the service name.
> 
> ```
> /api/v1/statuses/{key}
> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Specific services can also be queried by using the following pattern:
```
/api/v1/statuses/{group}_{service}
```

> Example: <https://status.twinnation.org/api/v1/statuses/core_twinnation-home>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Example: https://status.twinnation.org/api/v1/statuses/core_twinnation-home
```
